*1.1 Introduction*
First, we need to establish what high-frequency data is, and why it is of interest to us: 
High-frequency data is characterized by its observations being at 
very high frequencies, sometimes even at the microsecond level. From this data,
though noisy, we can present a more accurate level of volatility relative to daily
returns, which are often calculated from the opening- to- closing price, or the
closing-to-closing price of an asset. From Figure 2. below, we see a visual example low daily returns, despite the process showing a high level of intraday
volatility. The high frequency environment allows us to obtain better estimates
of volatility through realized measures. This paper will present three different
realized measures; That is, realized Variance (RV), realized Kernel (RK), and
pre-averaged bipower variation (P.A. BV). A wide range of realized measures
have been proposed in the literature, but all estimators generally aim to estimate
either the quadratic variation or the integrated variance (IV) of a price process
over some interval of time, such as a day or week. In addition to selecting an
estimator, these non-parametric measures often require additional choices in order to implement them. For example, the practitioner must choose the sampling
frequency to use, and whether to sample prices in calendar time or tick-time.
When both trade and quote data is present, the choice of which variable to use
is also a factor. Moreover, some realized measures require the practitioner to
specify tuning parameters, such as ”block size” and ”kernel bandwidth”, which
is the case for realized kernel.

In more mathematical terms, we are interested in estimating volatility object V,
using discrete data on X during finite interval [= T]. V or IV is often referred
to as ’integrated volatility’

*PICTURE OF EQUATION*

However, other examples for V could be ’integrated quarticity, jump variation
or integrated covariance for the multivariate case. We will also be looking closer
into jump variation later in this thesis.
Financial high-frequency data consists of four driving factors according to (Christensen, Podolskij, Oomen; 2014) [24]. That is, stochastic volatility, market microstructure noise, jumps in the price, and outliers. In the following section,
these four components will be the delimiter of the three different estimators of integrated volatility: First we will present the simple realized variance-estimator,
aggregated at the 5-minute level due to its performance in existing literature
(Liu, Patton, Sheppard; 2015) [49]. The realized kernel-estimator, due to its robustness to microstructure noise and applicability (Barndorff-Nielsen, Hansen,
Lunde, Shephard; 2009) [15]. Lastly, we will present the pre-averaged bipower
variation-estimator due to both its jump- and -microstructure noise robustness
(Jacod, Li, Myskland, Podolkij, Vetter; 2009) 

*PICTURE OF INTRADAY EXAMPLE*

*2.1: Realized Variance*
Most common of the realized measures is the realized variance, which is the
sum of squared intraday returns. This simple estimator is the sample analog of
quadratic variation, and in the absence of noisy data, it is the non-parametric
maximum likelihood estimator, and thereby efficient. (Andersen et al.; 2001b:
Barndorff-Nielsen, Shephard; 2002) [3] [12]. The realized variance is however
subject to a shortcoming. That is, market microstructure noise induces serial
autocorrelation in the observed returns, which biases the realized variance estimate at high sampling frequencies (Hansen and Lunde; 2006) [40]. When
realized variance is implemented in practice, the price process is often sampled
sparsely to strike a balance between increased accuracy from using higher frequency data, and the adverse effects of microstructure noise. Popular choices
of sampling frequency include 1-minute, 5-minute, and 30-minute sampling.
The choice of which sampling frequency to use was later optimized in (Bandi,
Russel; 2008) [10], using estimates of integrated quarticity and variance of the
microstructure noise.

